On January 17, 2017 the extortionist-racketeer Republican city councilman of Centennial Colorado threatened to only allow William Griffin and his family to live where the extortionist wanted them to live, forcing them to be made pawns in his criminal conspiracies.

The extortionist-racketeer asked William Griffin what he and his wife were willing to pay for rent. 
William Griffin responded around $1800.
The extortionist threatened "I will get your your wife to pay more."
William Griffin asked "How much more?"
The extortionist threatened "$3600"
William Griffin scoffed and said "She won't pay that for anything in Colorado."
The extortionist grinned and replied "In California she will."
Knowing California's ridiculously high cost of living, William Griffin couldn't argue.
William Griffin asked how he would know it was the extortionist's property he was renting.
The extortionist said "They won't ask for a background check. Well, your background check."

Amy Griffin is paying $3600 a month for 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley, California
The realtor Mary Ferris did not require a background check from Alisa or William Griffin, only Amy.

The extortionist also threatened that the Transition strip at the door would be broken, as exists at 425-2 Stratus Lane.
 
Maintenance man "Larry" has not fixed it after three visits, on exiting at the end of his 07-11-2023 visit  he stood by this broken transition piece for a minute or two with a big grin on his face staring at me without blinking, exactly like the pscyhopath extortioinist did. 

The extortionist had threatened that if we called someone to make repairs, they would not show up or would be on vacation, then with a big evil grin he changed that to "no they'll show up late." Maintenance man Larry went on vacation as soon as we called property manager Mary Ferris about repairs, so she called "Steve" who showed up hours late, left and then was never heard from again. When Larry returned from vacation an apointment for him to show up was made, he canceled that because of some medical issue. As soon as I said "Of course he's not showing up, because he's Gotto's man." Mary Ferris called Amy Griffin on the phone and said Larry could reschedule the apointment for the very next day. The next day Larry showed up, late.

The extortionist had threatened this broken transition material would give his HOA inspector reasonable cause to press into the premises for further "inspection" in order to fabricate or confirm the elements of the insurance fraud. Larry and the other maintenance man Steve said "I'll see if I can get that part" and never turned up with it, it's about $12 at Lowe's and they have around 50 of the items at any time.

The transition strip popped right out of place when physically inspected, held to suspiciosly asbestos looking yellowish blobs of adhesive foam with just needle thin nails.

The extortionist also threatened  nails and screws would be in the walls, as exist at 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley, California
The extortionist also threatened cracked or scratched paint, as exist at425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley, California
The extortionist also threatened missing/cracked caulk/mortar, as exist at 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley, California
The extortionist also threatened a leak, as exist at 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley, California

All these threats were a set up so that William Griffin could be blamed for asbestos contamination if he removed the nails/screws, fixed/replaced the caulk/mortar and/or allowed the maintenance man in to make the repairs as the maintenance man accomplice of the racketeer would apply the asbestos contaminated material in order to facilitate this insurance fraud conspiracy.

The extortionist also threatened that the maintenance man would not show up, and/or show up late. Maintenance man Larry goes on vacation. Maintenance man "Steve" shows up late, and then ghosts us. Larry returns from vacation then has surgery the day before our appointment and calls it off to recover.

The extortionist also threatened that the extortionist-racketeer's security company contact info would be posted up inside the house for us to fall into the trap of calling, as is found at 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley, California

There would be a 'network fire' if I tried to hard wire our internet connection, 425-2 Stratus has it's ethernet cables cut so that I'd be forced to set up the wiring myself and take the fall for the fire or rely on the wi-fi he threatened to hack.

The extortionist also threatened There would be a marijuana odor that would:
A) precede Arson 
B) be blamed on us 
C) be used as a catalyst to incite contact with the person who caused the odor, this was to establish a harassment lawsuit against us. 

On our third day here, at about 330 AM , the first floor was flooded with marijuana odor.
July 1, 2023 the neighbor or a visito at 425-3 Stratus Lane was smoking a blunt directly under our open dining room window/directly, filling the entire second floor with marijuana smoke odor.

The extortionist-racketeer threatened that he would provide the electronic lock on entries  that he had to codes to get in. There is a wifi enabled lock on the front door and a keypad electronic lock on the bedroom door at 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley, California. This has since been removed. But the extortionist's accomplices already have the keys.

The extortionist racketeer asked what was something that could get William Griffin and his family out of their house so that the extortionist's crew could get inside and 'mess around.' William Griffin replied that a comedy show would probably do it. Harley's Simi Bowl next door to the Stratus property has regular comedy shows.

The extortionist said "I know you said you wouldn't talk to your neighbors but what is some reason you might talk to them?"
William Griffin made some guesses about "have an electric car and/or growing vegetables" and now his neighbor at 425-2 Stratus Lane has a Tesla.

The extortionist threatened to make complaints about odor. We have 3 64 gallon garbage bin that stink in our garage now, by the end of the week it starts to seep into the house.


The extortionist stated that he 'liked to bang on the walls with a ball peen hammer' in order to force repainting/surfacing. There is at least one rounded ball peen hammer type smash in the wall of the kitchen at 425-2 Stratus Lane.

The extortionist threatened "I'll buy the house next to yours and be the worste neighbor ever."  So far the neighbors at 425-3 have been LOUD and the source of marijuana odor. 10:30AM Kids are playing basketball outside my bedroom window, adults proceed to SLAM every door on their SUV which is parked illegally blocking our driveway with their exhaust pointed directly at my window. Now try to tell me this isn't orchestrated by a psychopath that plotted in 2017 to kill 68 and injure over 2800 via vitamin E contamination of THC Vape extracts in 2019 and 2020.

The extortionist threatened to force us to interact with the neighbors, or report them so that he could build a civil harassment suite by way of making me to 'appear litigous.' His stated goal was to force us to take action through the HOA which I told him we'd never move into, but he said he'd manipulate my wife into moving into one and here we are.

The extortionist threatened to 'get' me for tresspass if we recorded/filmed his people. California law covers exactly such a situation as where we are living and he's creating  the necessity to film/photograph a person and their family and using the law to prevent documentation of criminal activity.

The extortionist threatened he'd have access to our locks. The property manager bought and provided the lock when we chose to replace the weird autumn wifi lock.

Sliding closet door on first floor is missing, as threatened by the extortionist racketeer on January 17, 2017.

The extortionist threatened to cause the flooring to need to be replaced so that he could claim it was asbestos. He threatened to contaminate the flooring so that the tests his accomplices pulled would absolutely return positive for the contaminant. 

He threatened to damage the floors. There were other threats about the damage to the floor tiles being a signal to the police officers working for him that William Griffin was marked by the extortionist.

Between July 9 and July 15 2023, there were three instances of incredibley loud and forceful BANGS on the first and second floors of 425-2 Stratus Lane. Nothing was found to have caused this noise when investigated immediately (within 30 seconds) after they occured. Later three hammer tipped sized divots were found broken out of the tiles on the first and second floor.There are also two hammer sized divots smashed out of the first floor marble top bathroom sink. The extortionist had made specific threats about marble counter tops.

 It was then noted that the second floor balcony door does not have the entry alarm systems found in the rest of the house, which is suspicious since all the windows and other doors are alarmed. T

The extortionist had threatened to apply some asbestos containing material to lights so that they would cause a noise when turned on and that noise would be claimed later to have been heard by the extortionist racketeer's inspectors to indicate the cause of the fire that the racketeer's conspirators cause. As soon as new lights were installed at 7131 S. Uinta St Centennial Colorado in October of 2017, a beige material was smeared on the base of a lightbulb and a high pitch noise was emitted from that point forth, this occured on the same exact day the light was installed, while the family was out to dinner.

07/22/2023 a white material is found smudged on the bathroom light fixtures, this material was not there just two weeks ago when the light bulbs were changed. The extortionist's persistant threats to use asbestos contamination as a weapon was intended to entrap William Griffin with 'improper disposal of the hazardous material' if such contamination was simply cleaned up and discard, to force the property to be abandoned in a hurry so the extortionist could fabricate, tamper with and/or destroy evidence, while still extorting rent from the victims, while also benefitting directly from the removal/disposal of the contaminated material, including personal property, renovation of the property and defrauding the asbestos compensation trust.

The extortionist racketeer threatened to force William Griffin to take part in this asbestos compensation trust fund fraud by making William Griffin and his family victims of asbestos contamination.

The extortionist had made threats of contaminating a US Post Office with asbestos, there is a large US Postal facility directly across the street from the Stratus property. 

The extortionist had threatened to hack William Griffin's wifi.
William Griffin said he'd used wired ethernet connections.
The extortionist then mocklingly boasted that he'd be the one to wire the property for ethernet.
William Griffin said he could do that himself.
The extortionist then threatened to cause a fire, blame it on the network and hold  William Griffin responsible for it.
The ethernet wired into the home at 425-5 Stratus is dismantled at the network access cabinet, requiring it to be fixed and setting William Griffin up for commiting an overt act of arson conspiracy if he chooses to fix it.

The extortionist had threatened that if William Griffin posted anything online that the extortionist didn't like then the extortionist would damage his property or the property he was renting.

The extortionist had threatened to use a camera on the door to inform him if police were called to the property. There is a Ring camera doorbell at 425-2 Stratus Lane Simi Valley CA.

The extortionist had asked what kind of places we would not buy/rent and William Griffin had mentioned multiple floors. The extortionist threatened "I'll do that". The 5625 S. Sycamore St and 425-2 Stratus both have multiple floors, despite the fact William and Amy Griffin having aggreed on several occasions to never rent or buy a place with multiple floors.

The extortionist racketeer mentioned that the asbestos disposal was charged by weight and threatened to contaminate brick. William Griffin's house at the time was brick so this was terrorfying. 425-2 Stratus Lane has brick interior detailing with the a big gray splotch of mystery material and a section of one wall with some brick like tile material whose mortar is cracked at location.

The extortionist threatened to buy the property we lived in from the owner so that he controls it directly. When William Griffin asked why'd they'd sell to him the extortionist laughed "Because I'll make them an offer SHE can't refuse!"

The extortionist threatened to spatter paint around the property, there are paint spatters on multiple walls/ceilings of 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley CA.

The extortionist threatened to have an unprofessional sloppy paint job done , further threatening that there would be paint products on the property to create the appearance that William Griffin was responsbile for that. There is a large supply of paint products in the garage of 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley CA.

The extortionist threatened that there would be a daub of paint on the wall so to signal to his accomplices to establish cause to investigate for the purpose of fabricating and/or confirming elements for the conspiracy. There is a 2 inch squar splash of light gray material directly in line of site if the entry to 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley CA.

The extortionist threatened that I would be implicated in the arson of a property. I asked how and he replied "Because you'll have the key." Any kwikset 'smart lock' can be rekeyed to use the same exact key I'm using for 425-2 Stratus Lane. There have also been multiple keys thrown into our belongings since at least 2018. 

The extortionist threatened that we would have to notify him if we were changing the locks, enabling him to determine where we were buying locks, he would then purchases all the locks there to get a matching key. The lease for 425-2 demands that we notifying the property manager that we intend to change locks.
There is a Ring camera doorbell at the door to notify the extortionist's accomplices that we are attempting a lock change.

The extortionist threatened he would 'spill' something on the door in order to cause an odor. There is some solified viscous material on the garage side of the door to 425-2 Stratus Lane, Simi Valley, California and there is a strong acrid old dirty ashtray type odor at this door, the same exact odor that was in the threshold of #307 5591 S. Nevada St, Littleton, Colorado

The extortionist threatened to 'get' William Griffin for mailbox tampering and theft of mail by placing other people's mail in his mailbox and/or among his personal posessions. Since moving to 425-2 Stratus Lane in June 2023, at least 8 parcels for other addresses and or people not occuping the property have been delivered to the address.

The extortionist had threatened there would be an odor for his people to claim to have experienced in order to justify intrusion into our property by his 'inspectors'. The neighbor at 425-3 Stratus Lane pushes dog urine and feces out of his garage daily, only as far as the center of our garage door, causing our car and garbage container wheels to track urine and feces into our garage where it forments and produces toxic ammonia and bacteria which fills our car with mucous membrane seering gas which also penetrates into the living space.

The extorionist had threatened that soiled carpets would have to be cleaned, and by this environmental asbestos contamination could be claimed by the water vacuume materials removed from the property and deposited on another.

This dog urine and feces issue has been repeated at all three of the properties that the extortionist has manipulated the victims into.

"Why not just leave," anyone would ask.
The extortionist threatened to 'cause a fire at any property" the victims "buy or rent or were likely to buy or rent." and if they chose a place to live the extortionist would buy it out from under them with a cash offer quick sale. The fire has happened to at least three locations the stalked family was 'likely to buy or rent'


This is the strategy that douchebag mafia bastard is trying to use against us:


The law requires that boards take prompt steps to investigate and end harassment. (Code of Fed. Reg. §100.7 (a) (1) (iii).) Investigate Complaints. When harassment is alleged, boards must investigate.
How?They do shit, we complain, the complaints add up to harassment complaint against us, HOA comes in to inspect, sees all kinds of violations like the random nails in the walls, chipped paint, etc. HOA pressures landlord to make changes, landlord sends in asbestos contaminating contractors and or contractors take test samples of walls and find weed and/or asbestos residue. Extortionist/landlord's insurance sues our insurance.

The extortionist racketeer had threatened that there would provisions in the lease agreement that prevented posting of signs or displays without first notifying and gaining permission by the landlord, ie, the extortionist's accomplice. This would prevent us from:
A) notifying neighbors about the threat of arson, asbestos contamination and the pernicious stalking and harassment
B) notifying persons that entry onto the premises constituted consent to be recorded by security cameras

By notifying the landlord first then the extortionist's accomplices would know the security cameras were in place and avoid being filmed intruding or carrying out other overt acts of the insurance fraud conspiracy. The extortionist threatened to damage our security equipment and then fine us for 'storing inopperative equipment.' 

The extortionist said "they don't like" to every kind of thing that might hide a security camera. Clothing by the front door, books or objects on the book shelves, TVs, Monitors, computers, electronic equipment, appliances, office chairs, desks, wire shelves, carpets, shoes, bags, pens, tools, he made  threats regarding all these things.

The extortionist threatened to fill a public storage unit with our 'trash' and set it on fire to create the appearance that our debris was the cause of the fire and contamination of the facility with asbestos. He would then defraud insurance for all the damage/contaminated goods in the storage facility. There is a storage facility less than two blocks from 425-2 Stratus Lane.

The extortionist had a scheme directed at a hotel or motel. He wanted William Griffin to call in complaints to the police. William Griffin said that prostitution might get him to call in police report. There is a Best Western hotel about two blocks from 425-2 Stratus Lane. The extortionist had carried out this exact prostitution at a hotel scheme in December of 2019 in Littleton Colorado, with three of his accomplices on scene to intercept William Griffin during a walk, they did not get the reaction from William Griffin that the extortionist wanted.

The extortionist threatened there would be holes in the walls and 'disassemblies' that the HOA would demand to be repair, thus allowing his accomplices into the property to contaminate it with asbestos or take samples that would fraudulently or intentionally return positive for asbestos. There are two huge gaping holes in the walls at 425-2 Stratus Lane where TV's were previously mounted (as seen in the advertising photos), in the exact manner threatened by the extortionist.

The extortionist threatened to use a tool to scrape the ceiling surface material so that the entire ceiling surface would have to be redone, finding/or disturbing asbestos in the process. There is a five inch scrape as if by a screwdriver on the ceiling of the living room, exactly as there had been in the bedroom of the apartment on S. Sycamore in Littleton Colorado.

The extortionist threatened that if he saw wall surface that was smooth he 'guaranteed' there would be asbestos contamination because it meant that someone had gone over and sanded the surface material, distributing asbestos through the property. All the wall and ceiling surfacing at 425-2 Stratus Lane is smoothed.


